docs: add authoring guidelines emphasizing simplicity for word choice (#758)
devopness/devopness: docs/README.md

# Devopness documentation
Devopness maintains its documentation in an open source repository, so feel free to contribute to this project!

> # Contribution guildelines

Author: ```suggestion
# Contribution guidelines
```

Make sure all files created in this folder adhere to the following basic rules:
1. Are defined as `Markdown` files (.md)
2. Use front matter headers, see the list of available headers in [this topic](#predefined-variables)

> 3. **DO NOT** set heading level one only one (`#`) in `Markdown` content, as it is reserved for the documentation article title. Headings inside the documentation article content must start from heading level two (`##`). Please refer to [Markdown basic syntax](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#headings) for examples and detailed instructions

Author: ```suggestion
3. **DO NOT** set heading level one (a single `#` in `Markdown` content), as it is reserved for the documentation article title. Headings inside the documentation article content must start from heading level two (`##`). Please refer to [Markdown basic syntax](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#headings) for examples and detailed instructions
```
